Inverted Index
    An inverted index is a mapping from content, such as words, to its locations in a database, 
    file, or in this case, a dictionary. It's often used in search engines

    Structure:
        The inverted index should map each word to a list of places where it appears.
        Example: { "example": ["word1", "word3"], "case": ["word2"] }.

    Building the Index:
        When a new word is added to your dictionary, update the inverted index with the word and its location.
        If a word is deleted or its synonyms are updated, ensure these changes are reflected in the index.
    
    Searching:
        To search for a word, look it up directly in the inverted index.
        This will give you a list of words (or their IDs) where the search term appears.


Trie (Prefix Tree)
    A trie is a tree-like data structure that stores a dynamic set of strings. Tries are excellent for effcient retriieval
    of words based on their prefixes, making them ideal for features like autocomplete.

    Structure:
        Each node in the trie represents one character of a word.
        A path from the root to a node represents a prefix of words stored in the trie.

    Building the Trie:
        Start with an empty root node.
        For each word in your dictionary, insert it into the trie by creating nodes for each character in the word 
        if they don't already exist.

    Insertion Example:
        To insert the word "cat", 
        start at the root, 
        create a child node 'c', 
        then a child of 'c' for 'a', 
        and finally a child of 'a' for 't'.

    Searching:
        To find a word or suggest completions, traverse the trie from the root, following the nodes corresponding to each character in the word or prefix.

Integration with Your Dictionary
        Integrating these structures into your dictionary program will significantly enhance its performance and user experience, especially as your dataset grows. 
        Remember to update these structures every time your dictionary is modified (e.g., adding, removing, or updating words).

    Inverted Index: Use this for quick lookups of words based on content (like definitions or synonyms).
    
    Trie: Use this for autocomplete features or to find words based on their prefixes.




Python - Programming language
Dictionaries

Manual Input
JSON file (for now)
Indexing with Dictionaries
Synonym linking with multiple Dictionaries

2. Define Data Structures
Consider using a hash table (like a dictionary in Python) to store your words for fast lookup.
Each entry in your dictionary can be an object or a struct, containing the word, its definition, and a list of synonyms.
3. Design the Dictionary
Input: How will words be added? Manually by a user, or by parsing text files?
Storage: Where will the data be stored? In memory, in a file (like JSON or XML), or in a database?
Indexing: Ensure words can be quickly searched. A hash table provides O(1) average lookup time.
Synonyms: Consider how you will link synonyms. This might be a list within each word's entry, or a separate structure.
4. Implement Synonym Linking
For synonyms, you might use a graph structure where each node is a word, and edges represent synonym relationships.
Consider using NLP libraries (like NLTK in Python) to help identify synonyms if you want to automate this process.

7. Testing and Debugging
Write unit tests to check the functionality of each part of your program.
Use debugging tools relevant to your chosen language (like Python’s pdb or Visual Studio Code’s debugger).
8. Adding Advanced Features (Optional)
Implement a feature to automatically suggest synonyms using an NLP API or library.
Add the ability to parse and import definitions from external sources.
9. Documentation and Comments
Document your code thoroughly for maintainability and collaboration.
Comments should explain why something is done a certain way, not just what is being done.
10. Project Management
Break down the project into smaller tasks and set milestones.
Use GitHub issues and project boards to track progress and organize tasks.


4. Develop a Prototype
Start with a basic prototype focusing on the primary functionality:

Fetch Definitions: Write a script that sends a request to the dictionary API and fetches the data.
Command Line Interface (CLI): If you're starting with a CLI, use Python's argparse or click libraries to handle user input.
Data Processing: Write functions to parse the API response and extract the needed information.
Display Results: Initially, just print the results to the console in a readable format.